Alright, that was chosen at random. Ladies and gentlemen, buckle your holy shit belts.
From the Nerdmelt Theater in Hollywood, California, Harmontown is now in session!
From the deepest darkest mists of my imagination, and all the concentration I can conjure, is
there a Spencer Crittenden among us? Spencer Crittenden to the stage!
You got your shorts back on. Oh yeah. I heard about your pants last week and I was alarmed.
Oh, everyone was. Everyone was. How you doing, Spencer? I'm so good. That means he's high!
Ladies and gentlemen, the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Beat, beat to the street, street, everyone two feet, two feet, walk two feet, walk on the street, to the beat.
Whoa, hey, beat to the street, two feet, what the fuck, what the fuck, two feet, beat to the street.
Street meat, the king of the street, you see him walking two feet from across the street.
Street feet is a lesson too, because you can't let the two feet beat you.
Okay, sorry about that. I didn't know that. I didn't know we had beef.
Dan, our fucking street beef has gone on for two lives. Street beef, the beef.
You see him rocking that? Black on the street to the beef. I mean, don't let the beef street you.
Dan, as the mayor, you walked out and you said, keep that beat going, keep that beat going.
There was only 30 seconds left of that beat. So your solution was to hit the pedal to the middle.
Do you want to go back to that beat? No, no, give me a different beat.
You sure? Yeah. Give me a good one. A slow one.
Yeah, same beat. Yeah, same beat. Same beat. Yeah, same beat.
Culture, Christmas, street rhythm.
That's not part of the rap. You have one minute 40 left.
You want to start from the top? Ignoring that. No, ignoring that.
Two minutes. Yeah.
Street beef, street. Street beef, street beef, street beef.
Every street has a beat to it's street. Every street has one or two feet.
Every street walks along its own street. It seems like a contradiction.
How can you walk on yourself? The answer is, oh shit. Street beef, yeah.
You got to ask yourself, how can you walk on yourself, on yourself? Street beef, street beef.
I'm the street beef. My name is street beef. I'm a street beef.
Professor street beats go into the beats. I got one, two left, right, right.
I went down to the street today and I saw your mama and I said, hey,
and she said, do you want a newspaper? And I said, no, because of the internet.
Okay. All right. That's good.
You have a minute and five left. You have a minute and five left.
Okay, okay, okay. What else is going on? Dick Cheney?
I heard Dick Cheney. One minute. Yo.
Dick Cheney. Iraq War or Dick Cheney? Dick Cheney.
And Plummer and Reggae. Okay. 54 seconds.
I saw Dick Cheney just the other day. He was fighting in an Iraq war in his usual way.
He was trying to flim the toilet and ISIS came and whoa.
40 seconds. All right. 4chan. Did you say 4chan?
40 seconds. I thought he said 4chan.
All right. Yo, yo, yo, yo. Okay. Two minutes. You have two minutes.
Two minutes. He's like an aerobics instructor.
You and the lady in the front row with the yellow hat on.
That's Heather. That's our friend. Hello, Heather.
Heather. Good to see you.
Heather, name or say a word that starts with the first letter of Dan's name.
Duck. Okay. Yo, yo, okay. Two minutes. Two minutes.
Yo, yo, duck. Make it all about ducks. No tangents. Just ducks.
Yo, yo, one, two, rap, go.
Web feet on the pond swimming around.
A woman, a fond of, is over on the other shore.
I'm going to go over to her and say, hey, you want more of my duck penis?
She's like, no. And then we're into a whole thing.
But migraton, migraton. Duck leader flies through the sky.
It's time to fly south and we don't know why, because our brains are the size of peas,
but they're developed over six million years and we've got magnets in our ears.
And that's like a mix of fly and like a truly intricate like patterns that even humans marvel at.
Yo.
Yeah, I think rhyming is overrated.
Yeah. All right. Thank you everybody. Jeff Davis.
I was here to help the fucking set you up to fucking blow people's mind.
You see, Dan, people only pay $5 to watch you make that face.
Most people listen for free and they don't know that you're making a face.
No, you did a great job. You're a really good friend.
For your listening, he's giving two thumbs up.
Wait, he just gave three thumbs up?
One's his dick.
Obviously, tonight's one of those nights when we're all a little, probably a little drunk.
I'm fucking sober as a judge.
All right. I'll be the noble one and admit that I got a little drunk today.
Yeah. Thank you, kid. Thank you.
You really think it's so glamorous and then I'll see you in fucking hell.
Here's what I got. Everything's about fucking porn and stuff on my notes.
When you say it's about fucking porn, is it just porn on your notes?
I don't know. It's just all about dicks and balls and stuff.
Or those things relating to it.
Like last week, we had the young lady come up and she tried to explain Tinder to me and Rob.
And I was talking about it because I was like, still, oh, she didn't...
She tried to explain Tinder and she did say, I think the most interesting thing that she said
was because I'll never understand Tinder.
I haven't installed it and used it, but I thought...
I was thinking and I wrote it down and the most important thing was that Tinder was an offshoot of Grindr,
which Grindr was like gay dudes going like, who wants to fuck a butt or suck a nut?
Or it doesn't have to rhyme when you're gay.
Okay. We're going to play it.
Yo. Yo. Yo. Grindr. MC Grindr.
I'm equal to everyone and you've chased me to the shadows.
You get what you deserve. Yo. Yo.
My IQ is 200. I have a bowel disposable income.
I'm a good person. I deserve to have the right to be married.
And you underestimate me? Fuck you.
MC Grindr. Fucking butts. MC Grindr. Licking nuts.
MC Grindr. What is butts? MC Grindr.
Oh!
Okay. All right.
That's a... I'm a big fan of the gay people.
I'll tell you, meltdown audience, we haven't heard the last of MC Grindr tonight.
He will certainly be repriezed at some point.
There will be gay MCs emailing in going like, that's not fair.
You're making me seem like being gay makes you a bad rapper.
I say to all... I say to all of our gay MC listeners out there,
I challenge you to come down to Meltdown Comics.
That would be amazing.
Just have a gay MC Grindr rep off.
If you're a gay MC, well, obviously you should just come down no matter what.
I don't want to pit them against each other.
No, no. Them against you.
It's you.
Is there a way I could just be a bad guy?
Could I just be like cis rapper?
Like straight heteronormative rapper?
MC heteronormative.
Yo, everyone should fit in a dichotomy.
Yo, yo, your pleasure needs a lobotomy.
Yo, I'm the mainstream Jim Belushi.
I'm fat, 45-year-old, piece of shit.
Another guy comes up, whoa, yo, state the name.
My name's MC Grindr and I'm here to say it.
He's like, he rocks the world.
Or she.
Is Grindr only men?
Is Grindr only gay males or is it gay women too?
Of course it's gay women too.
I don't fucking know.
What kind of genie lamp are you trying to rub?
Of course it's gay women too.
I don't...
It's what?
You're all racist.
No, I meant the gay rap battles for women too.
I don't know what Grindr's for.
Is there a woman homosexual Grindr?
Is there a scissor?
Scissor?
Are you joking?
It's scissor without an O, it's a scissor.
Scissor.
Scissor and the slogan is, it doesn't exist.
It's not real.
It's a myth.
There are several gay women apps?
Datch.
Datch?
What does datch mean?
It's a lesbian dating app, but it wasn't successful for me.
It wasn't successful for you.
Datch didn't work for you?
Why, you met the wrong kind of people?
It just didn't meet anybody.
You didn't meet anybody?
No.
There's no one on it, it's not like...
It's easier to swipe on Tinder and figure out who's queer.
Alright.
You guys, go away.
I have a conversation with Heather who...
Remember, she's like...
It's easier to use Tinder and try to figure out who's gay.
Heather, was it you that made the awesome comic strip?
No.
Who's that?
Who was the person that made the awesome comic?
Rob Schrupp.
Okay, alright, okay.
Rob Schrupp to the stage.
Bring him out, bring him out.
No, get him out here.
Rob.
The phantom of the opera is here.
Bring him out.
Ladies and gentlemen, Rob Schrupp.
What's up, Rob?
I'm just making a drink.
Stop, stop.
This guy likes ice.
A lot of ice.
Alright, I'm sorry.
What was your comic book called?
Alright, so who in the crowd...
Well, sit there for the cameras.
Right there?
Is that good, Chris?
Alright.
We went a nice two shot of you guys.
Give me a good two shot.
You guys are familiar with a male porn performer named Nick Manning.
His catchphrase is dropping loads.
It's a man who, when he comes, he says dropping loads.
He says it out loud.
He goes dropping loads, dropping loads.
I'm not the first person to this party.
He's been on Stern and stuff like that.
He was in a Batman parody where he said dropping bat load.
So it's obviously like, because I was tired.
I was like, well, who's the dropping loads guy?
And I said, yeah.
I was looking for his videos.
He's in a million videos, but his most...
You were looking for his videos in particular?
Yeah, I typed his name in to...
Because you like watching the guys say dropping loads while they're coming?
I wanted to check up on him and see if he was...
I don't see a problem.
His most recent videos, he maintains this caveman persona.
He goes like, he no longer says dropping loads.
This is the fascinating thing.
No, you gotta pay him.
That's why I think he signed a contract.
I haven't dug deep, but I clicked on the first three videos.
It's just him going like, he grabs a woman and goes like, sex.
And then she starts thinking, he goes, dick in mouth.
He's basically Cookie Monster.
But you're into this guy?
Am I into this guy?
You're searching his videos in particular.
Is America into FDR?
I don't know.
He dropped the loads of socialism on a country that needed it when it needed it.
You enjoy that porn?
The Golden Gate Bridge exists because of loads dropped at the right time.
I don't know, am I into it?
I don't know.
Are you into Jellinger?
Are you into Ben Franklin?
Are you into Kitty Hawk?
Are you into fucking Skittles?
Are you into Apple Pie?
This is the weirdest parade I've ever seen.
Are you clicking on this guy's porn because it's sexy to you or because you like him as a personality?
I want to check in on him and I want to know.
I want to watch him say drop in loads.
I bet you somebody's got a super cut.
Of course, on YouTube it's all audio, but the thing is, I want to see dick.
Why did he drop him?
I want to just see the audio, I want to see him say dropping loads and his dick.
Instead of going to YouTube?
But trivia, Rick and Morty fans, season two, there's a... season two?
The Zardaz thing that's floating in the planet, it's going drop in loads.
That's a Nick Manning reference.
And the Zardaz face is Nick Manning.
But he doesn't say it anywhere, but he says these crazy things and goes,
Oh, your pussy juice is on my balls.
Are you jerking off to this shit?
You're watching him and he's going like, are you...
He's like Lenny Bruce.
It's like you don't like porn.
He doesn't like it.
He's like, porn is bullshit.
I feel like he's screaming at us and going,
Yeah, pussy juice is great.
And you're kind of like...
Oh, so you are jerking off to this guy's porn?
Whoa, why wouldn't I?
I'm there.
It's porn.
But you're clicking in.
Grow up.
You're typing in the name of a guy that says dropping loads and I'm going to eat that pussy juice.
You're already making him sound dumber than he is.
Yeah, but you're not going to take this seriously.
You can just stand down for a second.
Dropping loads.
And you're jerking off.
Okay, you went too far on that one.
You don't like it.
I don't feel like you're receptive to this.
I'm listening.
I'm receptive to finding out what the fuck is going on.
My whole list is about just fucking...
Loads and rapping.
Tonight's a blue show.
We're working blue.
Because we were talking to Dino tonight.
Dino was telling the story.
Here, get ready to go.
Our truth.
Dino has this...
This classic story.
That's green.
He's told a million times.
I know.
It's beyond blue.
I'm pretty sure Dino's told the story on the podcast where Dino was in a hotel somewhere out of town.
And he ran into a trans...
He knew he or she and put a pin in your offence.
Because that's the point of the story.
He saw a prostitute kind of figure hanging outside a hotel.
Upon first sight of him said, like, hi.
Room 315.
And he was like, okay.
And then later on that night he went up to the room.
And then this person who was presenting as a very attractive woman.
But who had a wiener.
And that Dino knew had a wiener when he saw her.
But was like, I'm into this.
I'm going to go to this room.
And he went to the room.
And then he has this sexual encounter with this person.
And he was retelling the story tonight.
And I just thought it was so funny.
Because while he was saying it, I don't know if it was a man or a woman.
And that triggered my millennial...
I was like, well, come on.
What were they presenting as?
But it's so funny because Dino is the new Archie Bunker.
Because all he...
We were like riffing on if all in the family was made today.
Meathead would be the one going, Archie, come on.
Are you telling me you spent the night with this person?
You don't know what they were presenting as?
What pronoun they preferred?
And Archie Bunker would be the one going,
Geez, meathead, look, I sucked on the dick.
I fucked the butt.
I'm out of town.
What does it matter?
It was just Christ.
It was just like the Gen X mentality.
Because I was like, I don't know.
It's a fucking dude.
It's a girl.
It's like he was in the bus.
Oh, I'm cheese.
I fucking got the poop in the dick.
And I'm licking the balls.
And I don't care what that's a glittery pussy.
What is this person?
Yeah, geez, meathead.
It's pretty funny to me that truly...
Because I was like, we were riffing on that.
And that actually is the case, the today's meathead.
Watch this show all in the family.
I'm going to have this guy on the show, Norman Lear,
who's like 903.
You're going to be Norman Lear on the show?
Well, I got an in.
We could have him.
Oh, fucking, we could have him tomorrow.
I could have him on a paper plate.
Norman Lear, we've got a new pitch for you.
All in the family, but all in the right now.
All right. All right.
Knock it off.
Okay.
Knocking it off.
All right.
One more thing, and then I'm done with my...
And then we're freewheeling.
The fly pass.
That wasn't freewheeling.
That was not freewheeling.
I'm trying to move forward post-device into a new era
where I'm going to dress...
I want to wear all the same outfit all the time.
I learned this from a character called Seth Brundle
in the Kronenberg's remake of the fly.
You tried this a long time ago.
You, for a while...
And I did it, and I fucking, I ruled.
You wrote Monster House in that outfit, I think.
No.
The first 25 pages.
The character of Seth Brundle in Kronenberg's remake of the fly,
Gina Davis opens up a closet, and she says...
And she goes, when are you going to change your clothes?
And he goes, I change them over your day.
And then she opens the closet, and there's like five of the same outfit.
And she's like, what the hell?
And he goes, I learned it from Einstein.
You don't have to waste your time thinking about outfits or whatever.
And that's the moment when she like jumps on him
and starts making out with him.
So I was like 13, and I was like, okay, so here we go.
So what's your outfit going to be?
What are you going to wear for us?
I'm glad you asked.
So I, like, always, I went through these phases.
I should do that.
So here's the thing.
In the meantime, I've learned Einstein, he didn't learn that from Einstein.
That's a myth.
Einstein wore whatever the fuck he wanted.
Einstein wore pajamas on Monday.
He always wore, like, black or white or, like, grayish stuff.
I mean, like, check it out.
Look online.
Like, it's either...
But, yeah, I agree with you.
I agree with you.
Like, he, uh, I totally agree with you.
Like, he wore different types of shirts and jackets,
but they were either, like, black or white or gray.
They were certainly shades of a gray scale.
Yeah.
I think it was a thing, because everybody around them was,
at the time, they were wearing that color and stuff,
and that, not a lot of things.
So Einstein didn't do it.
So the originator of that concept is Seth Brundle in the fly.
So in keeping with his principle, which he states in the movie,
he credits Einstein with it, but Einstein never did it.
He's saying, in the movie, he says,
that way you don't have to expend any mental energy on what you're going to wear.
So what are you going to wear?
What's the outfit going to be?
Guess what?
Seth Brundle's outfit.
Which is?
Well...
Those telepods.
Leather jacket and jeans?
It's a gray black and white herringbone suit jacket with a white colored shirt,
a dark red tie, and pants.
My assistant's in charge of tracking the stuff down.
That's a good look, though.
But he said pants, because the thing is, when you google Seth Brundle,
you don't get a clear look at any of his pants.
A lot of the imagery is of a fly man climbing on walls.
Right.
And he's wearing a tweed kind of jacket?
Yeah, it's a herringbone.
Yeah, a tweed.
No, he nailed everything from the waist up.
You can see that.
So you're going to freestyle on the waist down?
No, freestyle is necessary. We're going to watch the movie together,
and we're going to get this right.
Because you fucked up a little bit.
Do you remember, like, as they're like...
Go ahead, I'm sorry.
Well, no, he's saying he disagreed.
The thing is, if you go on the google,
despite Seth Brundle's protests,
he seems to be wearing three separate pairs of pants throughout the movie.
Whoa, wild card.
It's the antithesis of his claims, that he wears the same outfit.
So the solution to that problem is to make me try on and off the same pair of pants
that are the wrong color over its three...
Yeah, that was completely related to this problem.
No, yeah, we got to figure out the right...
See, we can't get his sizes, so I had to eyeball the pants,
and then take him to the tailor, and then they go,
I can't hem this, you have to have him come in, and I'd say, fuck you.
And then they'd hem the pants, and I'd bring him back, and they'd be hemmed wrong,
and so I had to go back and get him to fix it again.
So when you guys figured this out,
you were actually going to commit to wearing that outfit across the board.
Dan, we've been burned before with the eye harm,
and that was a flash in the pan.
Are you going to commit to this one, or are you going to bail on it?
I feel like it.
That's not it. I don't do it for you.
No, I'm saying, you wanted me to have the eye harm in around your neck.
I know what you're saying.
Look, I want you to commit to this. I'm all for this.
I want you to be consistent.
Want to make it interesting?
I wear a suit all the fucking time.
Sometimes you're my friend, and then sometimes you're attacking me.
Hey, hey, I got a solution.
What?
Let's make it interesting.
All right.
A little side money harm again.
Okay, one year.
Too much? Too much? We'll go down.
How about this?
Dan, once you find the outfit, and I'm all for this,
I'm not antagonistic to this idea at all,
when you find the comfort zone, you go,
okay, this is the color of the trouser.
This is the jacket. This is the thing.
We're going to get, how many do you think Spencer and Dan will need?
Five.
Five?
Yeah, maybe less than that jacket.
We'll put a calendar right here, right here, right here,
and it will check it out.
I'm going to make one exception at the outset.
I don't want to wear his shoes.
I don't like the fucking dress shoes.
Okay, what do you want to do?
I'm really like my normal shoes.
Okay, you can wear some colors.
Those are going to stay the same for a couple of years anyway, so...
What do you mean?
You strike me as somebody who doesn't wear a lot of different shoes.
I don't.
See, Rob, Dan is hearing...
You strike me as somebody who don't change them shoes a lot.
Dan, you're hearing attack where there isn't a lot.
You may change those shoes, bro.
We're in the same old, nasty ass shoes all the time.
You need to change them shoes.
Dan, we're on your side.
I'm totally...
I'm not attacking this at all.
Are you guys perceiving me as being in a grumpy mood, like a defensive mood?
Well, I think right now, there are times when you hear attack when there is none.
You hear combat when there is no combat.
Really?
I'm saying absolutely do that.
I would love that.
Because like Steve Jobs, he wore the turtleneck, right?
And Zuckerberg...
Look where he is now.
The Zuckerberg wears the gray t-shirt.
Two biopics.
Beat that.
Follow that.
Look where Steve Brundle is.
Or Brundle fly.
Steve Brundle.
Look where Steve Brundle is.
The famous Steve Brundle that you've been talking about for a while.
All right.
Well, we're off-roading now.
So I hope you guys brought your show.
Because those are the...
Do you remember the fly?
Why are you upset?
We're saying yes and no to this idea.
No, I'm not.
Don't tell me I'm upset.
You piece of shit.
You seem...
I want you to start wearing an outfit.
I'm going to.
Yeah, but you're so...
I want the pants to be right.
Okay.
I want to help you get the right pants.
I'm trying to get them right.
We're going to get the right pants.
All right.
Of that, we can be sure.
But my prediction is that you're going to go...
Stop miming eating.
I didn't know what else to do.
Trying to...
I think this is going to go the way of the eye Harmon.
Or the last time you wore Einstein outfit where you wore your powder blue short sleeve tucked in buttoned down shirt.
Well, I want every kid out there listening right now to listen to what Jeff's trying to do.
What he's doing is called identity bullying.
Like if you decide one week that you want to be like Captain EO.
I'm trying to modernize the reference.
You want to shoot lasers and make people dance?
If you go through a phase there and you're like, oh, I'm going to do this every day.
I'm all for it.
And then on Thursday, you're like, this is boring.
Go ahead.
It's better to do it and get bored.
I support it all the way.
Guys like this are always going to be like, no, you got to make up your mind.
You're manufacturing a confrontation.
Don't listen to him right now.
He's going to tell you that you're manufacturing conflict.
But what he's trying to do by saying that is kill you and murder you.
What Dan is doing right now is apologizing for him wearing the Brundle fly outfit for two Harmontowns and then giving it up.
Oh, no.
We went through the same thing.
Remember when Dan wore the outfit?
Oh, no.
The enemy.
He's the enemy.
Just follow your bliss.
Follow your heart, kids.
If you fall in love, fall in love.
Love that person for two days.
Two days?
If you don't love them for three days, that's not on you or them.
That's on God.
I think he brought me out too early.
Let's send Rob off for a bit.
That was Rob Schafer, buddy.
Thank you.
That was Rob Schafer.
We'll bring him out later on.
It was too early.
Too early to bring out Rob Schafer.
All right.
I'm glad this happened because obviously tonight's about retooling the format of the show.
I'd like to bring Rob Schrab back out.
Rob Schrab.
Let's bring Rob Schrab back out too.
Because now it feels right.
Now the time is right.
I want him to understand who's in charge.
I think it feels right.
Rob, can you do a dance on this?
Can you get up on top of the podium here and do a little podium dance?
I'm not going to get up on that.
All right. Rob Schrab, everybody.
Thank you so much, Rob.
You are welcome.
You got any LEGO spoilers for us?
Nope.
All right.
Rob Schrab, everybody.
There he goes.
He's gone.
Oh, he's leaving?
No, he's staying.
All right.
See, I'm out of control then.
Yep.
There's something that goes wrong.
What was the first moment you guys remember meeting each other?
Do you guys both have the same memory of the first time you guys locked eyes?
It was like in the back of Colts and Milwaukee.
Comedy sports, probably.
Or was it LA Freeway stand-up?
Yeah, it was Colts.
Colts?
Yeah.
He's probably there.
I've been there.
Oh, yeah, you have been there.
I was there before.
After it was not Comedy Sports anymore, but I went there one time with you guys.
So what was the first time you guys met?
What was the circumstance?
I don't know.
Just we were at an improv workshop.
Dan, you were like probably 18?
17.
I was 39.
But I remember, yeah, I remember Rob being funny.
I remember when he was funny.
The good old days.
Yeah, he was funny back then.
Well, I remember, we did some improv exercises, and then I remember you were off.
We were done with the workshop, and you were sitting, and then you had a bag of chips,
and then you had a soda, and you were talking about how you had read that the chips had
riboflavin in them, and that the riboflavin was a tenderizer, and that it was designed.
The same companies created the soft drinks and the chips, because the riboflavin tenderizes
you.
I don't think that's right.
I don't think riboflavin does that.
Does anybody know what riboflavin does?
Riboflavin?
Does anybody?
All right.
Well, that's not why I brought it up.
That's my memory of you.
I didn't think you were right.
What was the first moment when you guys connected and thought you guys could be, like, maybe
friends?
I remember the first time I was about to do...
That was a chair.
What?
Sorry, that was a...
That was a chair.
Dan farted in this part from out there.
It was a chair.
Dan's blaming us for it on a chair.
Sorry, it's a terrible show tonight.
It doesn't need to be a good one.
It's pretty bad.
It's $10.
I'll give you all your money back.
It doesn't matter, and life doesn't matter.
Just find someone you're happy with.
Just find someone.
Just feel around in the dark and...
That's what I do to...
I don't do the Seth Brundle thing.
I get dressed...
I get up before Kate does, so I get dressed in the dark.
So that removes everything.
So I just like, oh, okay, this and that, and then I walk out looking...
Looking a little...
Looking a little weird sometimes.
Do you ever wear the different color socks and shoes?
Oh, God, yes.
For real?
Oh, my gosh, and it's crazy.
Everybody goes, wow, who's this guy?
Different...
Different colored socks, because you know how everybody looks at other people's socks?
This is the shit that I would go through every fucking Sunday morning with my mother,
you know, and I would put on white socks.
You can't wear white socks with dress shoes.
I'm like, who's looking at my socks in church?
We're all sitting down.
I'm behind a pew.
If they're looking at my socks, maybe what we're listening to is fucking boring.
Hey, that's a new commandment.
Of the 11th commandment.
Try to be more interesting than socks.
Yeah.
Right.
Fix the air conditioning.
At the premiere for Monster House, because it's a Halloween movie, the invitation said,
wear your favorite Halloween costume, and the only people that paid attention to that
part of the invitation were Rob and his wife, and some kid who dressed up as Jack Sparrow.
In order to get people to watch his Nickelodeon show.
Right.
Like some kid that was like, ooh, I'm Jack Sparrow.
Yeah, so Kate and I get up.
Everybody is fucking Monster House world premiere, and everyone's like, ooh, the house is a
monster.
Hello, Mr. Zemeckis.
Yes, we did it.
Oh, we did it.
Next step, Oscars, and then Rob gets out of a limo.
Because it's Tron?
Tron.
It was a good Tron.
Skin tight fucking.
Hard on.
Circuitry.
Puffy paint circuitry.
Fucking Tron.
Rob, full on Tron.
Was it Ram or Tron?
It was Ram, wasn't it?
It was Tron.
No, I dressed up as Ram.
You guys don't know who I am?
No, it's...
Didn't you do Ram one time with the red something?
I think you're thinking of a different Rob.
That was back when you were triple gym in it.
You used to go to the gym three times a day, and this motherfucker was in shape.
I was crazy.
Yeah, he wore tights for a living.
All you wore was a body suit at all times.
Not at all times, but I could pull it off.
You did.
Yeah.
Your ass was like a space helmet.
It was fucking...
It was a good ass.
Yeah.
It's a great ass.
Not that you noticed.
No, I did.
I went like, we're in the limo.
We're in the limo.
I'm dressed as Tron.
Kate's dressed as the Tooth Fairy.
And just before we get out, I go, you know something?
I bet you we're going to be the only ones dressed in costume.
Hello, I'm right.
And we're getting our picture taken, and everybody's going...
Excuse me.
This is the camera.
Why are you dressed up?
It says in the invitation.
And they would all go, yeah, we know.
I didn't realize it's Hollywood, so you don't do stuff that...
No, you don't.
No, it's a test.
Yeah.
When someone says, have fun, that's a test.
If you have fun, you're a fucking nerd.
So we walk the red carpet, and we get our picture taken,
and then the next day we go, oh, gosh, that's our first premiere.
Let's go see it.
We look online and go, oh, oh, shit, shit.
Oh, Dan Harmon, writer.
Oh, Gil Kennan, director.
Oh, I guess it's Robertson mechanism.
And then Kate and I, background.
Like, background.
You know, when you go to a premiere and you have, like, hired people dressed up
as, like, idiots in the back...
You're saying the image...
The image of us is a picture of us as a background.
Oh, no.
It didn't say...
Under yours it said, writer, me, background.
It's not even Tron, not even Tooth Fairy, just background.
Don't know why they're on the red carpet.
Don't know why they're Tron and the Tooth Fairy.
They sure are smiling like, I'm supposed to know why they did that.
Background.
For lack of a better word, background.
Spencer, what have you been doing?
How about, have you heard about these Chinese murder vans?
No, okay.
I have not.
Film me in a Chinese murder vans.
No, no, no.
I've filled everybody in.
They murder people in vans.
What is their angle?
The murder is their angle.
Is it vengeance?
Or are they just going out and randomly killing strangers?
Yeah, it's vengeance.
Okay.
The people who killed their van parents.
All right.
Clearly you read one article.
They stalked the streets.
I'm picturing a Ford, a Conor Lyon bubble window van from the 70s.
What kind of van are they in?
Like one of those except with a lot more screaming.
Do they kill you inside the van or do they jump out of the van and then kill you back
in the van?
No, they kill you in the van.
No, okay.
Sorry.
This is a joke.
I've talked about this before.
No, the real thing that's been happening in my life is Lord of the Rings.
What?
That's the real thing that's been happening.
No, no.
Okay.
So I was on the computer.
I built a computer.
No.
Yeah, no.
I know it's hard to believe, Rob.
That was on the computer.
That was bullying.
I recognize that.
I'm sorry.
I know where this is going and I'm leaving.
And I get a phone call from Rob Schrab.
Yeah.
What did you say?
How do I work my computer?
No, no, no.
No, I'm driving in because I worked at Leggo this morning.
Oh, you were driving.
I'm driving, driving, driving, and I'm going, huh.
Like, yo, yo, Spence, what's up?
So I'm masturbating and I'm like, I'm just, you know, I'm just on, I'm just on that Internet.
I'm on that Kotaku.com.
No, no, no, no.
Go that we don't, we don't have the VR this.
Just go ahead and explain.
I'm just telling the people what happened.
No, you explain.
You call me up and start a sale.
What's Kotaku.com?
It's just a website that's not porn.
But you jerk off to it.
Yeah, no.
Okay.
That's what I tell Rob when he calls me when I'm jerking off.
I got you.
What site were you on?
Oh, no, I was playing Minecraft.
That's a joke.
All right, come on.
Okay, okay, okay.
Let's get serious.
So I go, I'm driving and I have a question.
So I called our dungeon master and I went, hey, why is it called Lord of the Rings when there's only one ring?
I don't understand that because as far as what I'm seeing and I've read in the books and stuff like that,
there seems to be only one ring.
One ring.
And it's the ring of invisibility and Bilbo got it.
And then did they...
What do the other rings do?
Well, first of all, where are they?
They're in the first 15 seconds of the movie.
Well, then name the fucking whole thing after it.
Oh my God.
Oh, oh my God.
I'm sorry.
I must be mistaken.
The first 15 seconds of the whole thing.
No, okay, but...
Name the whole thing after it then.
If that's what the story's about.
Oh, it isn't.
It's not what the story's about, right?
Oh, okay.
Hey.
Let's call it...
Let's call it King Kong's.
But there's only one King Kong.
Yes, but he had a mother and a father.
Doesn't make sense.
So King Kong would be called the Kong family?
Think about the pitch he walks into whatever bar with C.S. Lewis and there's fucking H.P.
Lovecraft hanging out in the corner and going,
whoa, just got done with my whole books.
Oh man, what's it about?
It's called Lord of the Rings.
Wow.
Oh wow.
Is it about a guy, a lord who finds all these rings and then there's...
It's fighting over all these rings?
No.
It's nothing to do with rings, it's just one ring.
Well, off to my series of 17 books that are all about lions, witches, and wardrobes.
Yeah.
Hey, it's more accurate than...
There's not even a lord of the rings.
I mean, presumably whoever made all those rings was a lord of the rings.
Do the story about him.
There's no, but that person has not even been like...
Well, no, he's the lord of one ring.
What are you talking about?
He made all the rings.
I don't think so.
I don't think he...
What movies were you guys watching?
I think he made all the rings.
I'm pretty sure elves made all the rings, gave three of them to dwarves.
What?
No.
Three of them to humans.
No, Sauron had a guy make all the rings.
What did the other rings do?
They gave them, they gifted them to the...
Whoa, whoa, whoa, Levy, what does it say you're looking up on Wikipedia, right?
Steve Levy, get out of here.
Steve Levy, everybody.
Steve, get out of here.
I'm sure someone knows.
This isn't...
This isn't a debate.
No, no, no.
It is.
It is a debate.
I'm taking it down and I'm going to win.
It's not a debate.
No, it is.
What did the other rings do?
They turned...
Whoa, here's the thing that pisses me off.
Okay.
My name is Sauron.
I have this ring.
Now I'm really powerful.
I'm going to do this thing with the sword and everybody's going to fly all over the place
because I did this thing with the sword and I'm so powerful because I'm wearing this ring
and then somebody cuts off my finger and it falls down and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah.
And then, okay, Bilbo gets it, he puts it on and turns invisible.
Why?
Come on.
Well, that's always been fucked up.
I never got that.
Because Sauron isn't invisible.
He isn't invisible.
He's wearing this ring and he doesn't turn invisible.
If I were to...
A little clunky.
If I were to defend the mythology, I would say that the cowardice of mortal beings means
that the biggest power that you would have if a ring of that power imbued itself in you,
that the very first and foremost thing you would do before you could fly or do anything,
that you would just be a creepy, invisible person.
But that's me apologizing for a mythology that I agree is flawed.
Do you mean he had a bunch of rings made?
The whole point was that he had all his rings made.
The ring of power is the ring that controls all the rings.
He had a bunch of rings before the story started.
Okay, good.
Let's do three books about not that.
What did Steve have to say?
Spencer's right.
It was an elf, right, or something?
Here's what they did.
They killed Sauron and they went, well, fuck, that guy had that one ring.
We need to have rings to battle evil if that ever comes back.
Yeah, but let's never talk about them or use them ever.
Here's the first thing that comes up when you're right.
Who made the rings in Lord of the Rings?
Well, I know because I played the video game.
Right, yeah.
I met that guy.
I worked for him.
Spoilers.
Met him.
I had lunch with him.
He gave me superpowers that were curiously compatible with Warner Brothers Interactive's total game engine.
I'm so sorry.
Hobbit is the only good book.
You hear that?
That's the sound of just failure.
Yeah.
I don't care.
No one cares what Bob book says.
No one says that you're right.
People hate books.
We're in the back of a comic book store, not in the comic book store itself.
The idea that the thing that threw you is that that's all explained in the beginning.
They made a bunch of rings, and there was one ring to rule them all and the darkness behind them.
THat thing that should throw you is after three movies that span nine years,
it turns out all you gotta do to set things right is talk to green ghosts.
Well, that's not true.
That didn't say what was the story at all.
Green ghosts kill everything.
The green ghosts go, brrrrrrrr.
They call it Lord of the Green Ghost.
Yeah, king of the that I would that I would agree. That's a better title. Lord of the rings
There's there's only one green ghosts. All right. Call it the ring move. Can we talk about vaccinations talk about AIDS?
Hey, do you guys? Oh shit AIDS? I don't like a prevention. Oh omaze omaze.com slash Rick and Morty go there
Yeah, fight AIDS fight it's enough with that. That was a good plug. Oh wait. We got one more plug
It's a so beta. Yeah, go to Harmon. Okay, go to see so beta are enough of that
Everyone fight AIDS and watch see so we'll do yeah
Can we get the beta code if you want to get on see so right now is Harmon fan
Harmon fan, so I won't remember that available for all the CISO concerts right a bunch of contents. Yeah, and eventually Harmon quest
Only one ring in them
Yeah, only there is no lord of the rings like they did the elders is obviously fucking Sauron
Well, he only have our arms didn't call it Sauron. They call the call all three books Sauron dear
our token
You missed named your book that in
2015 there's 90 movies about what what what did he do wrong? Hey? Yeah, you know that
I mean if something's popular, then it's right Hitler
Kaboom Sauron kaboom
Yeah, called you there you go lord of the ring. There's so many things to complain about okay
I'm reading the second one. There's gonna be hopefully at least another ring coming up here
He loves the rings he loves rings that's why you watch the movie you love rings you knew you knew
They're gonna be a million rings. I like I like the ring in the hobbit. I thought it was oh, yeah
So you wanted a million rings cuz it would be lord of the rings
I want to watch a million rings. What are the other rings? You love rings. You love rings. You love movies about jewelry. I like
Accurate I like I like
Yeah, yeah, you love logic. That's why you want diehard to be called a guy in a tower
But that's an accurate yeah, that'd be great. Neat mop, moops. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm on your side.
Diehard is a good title. Diehard is better than a guy. Yeah, yeah, but it's not diehard
Well, it's the thing he doesn't diehard in the movie
He fucking lives he stays alive. Yeah forever. Yeah, well that all of the series are called diehard
He hasn't died yet. It's hard for him to die. It's a high. He's a hard dire
It's a hard die hard dire we'd ask hard dire dire
See, I love diehard is a title, but dieharder is a better
Hard diehard. Yeah, hard dire. Yeah, what's that?
Yeah, he's a diehard I'm a diehard liver. Yeah, he's just a badass. No, he's the diehard
Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, there was a there was a battery a car battery. They probably still have them called diehard
Yeah, that kind of excited that you were so passionate that you would cry that out
Are you that big a diehard fan? Oh
Okay, I'm now I'm now I don't know where to go with you
My mom is a fan of yelling things out or Bruce Willis or
John McTiernan or
I'm a fan of making people believe what I want them to believe. Okay, so you're a witch. You're a
Or a hypnotist
All right, you have powers of persuasion
No, you don't
I found out at the same time I was you know, how old were we Dan you know about the same age
How old were we when diehard came out was I was 24
All right, I was 15
So then I was 14 or 15 and I my mom and I were really in the diehard together cuz I'm just slightly out of you
My mom was really in the diehard and whenever time I came on TV
We'd watch it together and I loved diehard, but I found out
Like the third time you watch it that she just had a giant boner for Alexander Goodenoff
The blonde bad guy
I want blood. Yeah, not dissimilar from Nick Manning pussy juice on dick
Do you watch that guy's porn because you enjoy him as a character or because what's happening is sexy wait
Okay, it has to be both like like why why why I think in a world where is there do you enjoy him as a
every second that we're sitting here another five thousand pieces of porn are made right
We clearly if you took one step back from our species and looked at the media
We create as you would with the honeybees making whatever they make and don't say honey. Don't say honey
They make wax they make wax if you took a step back and looked at what we create
Media-wise you would go these people love porn
They make a lot of it per second
So the question the answer to the question was I watching Nick Manning to like here to make fun or to get turned on
It's like I bathed in it. I fucking open my I'm like
Give me what you got and he's like he did he didn't say drop in loads and I'm like I
Yeah, I eventually came
I
But you like him as a like he I don't like him you don't like him. I don't know him
He might be conservative. I don't know him. He might be like dropping loads. We should tag Muslims
I want to drop a load on each Muslim that you can read at an airport
What is Rob doing here? Rob is getting complicated. I'm getting comfortable
Because he's sitting like he's about to tell us something about our school experience
Hey, yeah, I've done some drinking I've done some druggin
Wasn't that cool I'm telling you kids
Gotta read what's going on in the Lego Lego to what do you need? What do you ask me any question?
I'll tell you the absolute truth. Have Phil and Chris
Stepped foot in the building sent in the last year. Absolutely. Yeah, okay every day. All right is fire style in the next movie
Yep
You sound like my mom. Yeah, is that fire style gonna be in the movie? No wild style. I think you mean of course
She's in it. Yeah, good. Good. When do you when do you leave you go to Vancouver right to make it? Yep
When do you leave town?
At the end of 2016. Oh, so it's way off
Are you gonna miss me? Yes, why won't you look at me because I'll start crying
What are you gonna miss most about then Rob most
Most but what am I gonna miss most about Dan?
Oh, yeah, or name your one or two or three top things that you're gonna miss about about not being in the same city with Dan
Watching dumb movies with them
Dan what are you gonna miss about Rob when he goes away for a year and a half his pain
You like his pain yeah, it makes me feel effective
In his defense, it is pretty funny
It's delicious
Very nice. Well, I mean I have this I miss I mean we I mean here's the thing me and Rob
What we were kids were like remember, you know an LA story
When Steve Martin and what's your name like they're like and they go out in the garden and I
I
Hope that's not fucking
Well, they fucked they fucked that's the scene where they fuck
But it's like like there's an envious song playing it like we came to LA because we wanted, you know, we wanted to be
Who we are now? Yeah
but like
It's not it's not like being who we are now required us like holding hands and like no, I like we barely talked to each other
But look what and we like like, you know
It's nice. I'm very thankful like our friendship
Yeah, it's foundational to it and it's good. No, I'm I'm all for it. I
I mean, I I wish I don't understand why you have to go to Vancouver to make Legos move
It doesn't make any sense. I could do that here on the floor
For one-tenth the budget. I don't understand. I don't get it
Well, I but I you're welcome to come visit. Well, I don't I've obviously the most important thing for me to make it
We make make clear is that no one can ever hurt me ever
It's not possible. No, I don't have no feelings. No that are available
Like from the outside. No, that's not that's not something that you can do like nobody can hurt remember
Remember that one New Year's where it was like, you know, I think I think we both of us like we're in our third
Like you just turned 30 and we were it was a New Year's and we were like, well
party's over
New Year's with 30 now. Let's uh
Then we're not going to go out and have fun and rave it up with all those youngins and stuff
Let's let's stay home and watch some TV and it's just we'll call it a night
You know around 1130 or something like that and your girlfriend at the time like came over and she was like
Yeah, I guess I'll do that too. Um, I got a bag of mushrooms that I
found in the freezer and
And it was like a like a trash bag. They're in the freezer
They've been there for like about a year or something. They're not let me tell you something. They're not gonna work
We're not gonna get high
So if anybody wants them with it and we all went
Sure there too. I don't think you were there. I think we were trying to get you there
I think we were on the phone with you and you're like, I'm not you can say who's there. How late are you gonna be there?
I'll be there
It's an inside joke. It's what Jeff always does, okay?
So I remember I remember
No, no, no, we'll get back to this pain. We'll get back to it. So anyway, so
Favorite memories of of hanging out with Dan is like it was like you me Kristalman
It was like Robin Roth and we had and she she puts them down there and we're like going, oh, okay
Oh, there's all these mushrooms. All right. Well, I guess I'll take a handful too. I remember looking at my hand and
and a
Like a pile of mushrooms and I'm like going, okay, you said this is just it's not gonna work
It's not gonna work. It's not gonna work famous last words and we all went fuck it
Oh, man, I'm so fucking old jeez. That's 30 years old. Holy shit. No, it's all over with
Oh, I think I think we're both broke at the time and whatever and then Robin was I brought my dance dance revolution machine around here
All right, all right, I love it hooks it up to the TV and Chris Talman and I are sitting just kind of crashed out on the couch
Watching it kind of sleeply watching it and Dan's in front of us on the dance dance revolution
And it starts off the music's like
And then there's a level why you did it
And then the beat keeps going
every level goes
The lights and stuff like that and all of a sudden lights are coming out of the TV and and and Dan is like
Dancing
Dan is dancing
Level 12 level 13 perfect perfect perfect level 15 20
And it's why are you Dan Dan's like going I can't stop losing. I can't stop losing and it's all that
I looked over it Rob
I was playing any other game. I'd be like
Looked over it Rob
I was like, oh
Just like the music is like going through the roof and our ears are shattering and I looked at Chris Talman and I went oh
No, and he said yeah, we took way too much and and we were just like
Ah
Like we work a hyper speed like Dan's dancing all over the place
Robin took off and ran down the street and like it was just like it was the I think the most high
I've ever been in my life like the walls were growing hair and everything was like
Black light, but there was nothing on and we were and and then like Steve Agee gave me like a
Hand job what it gave me a hand job
No, he gave he gave me like a couple days earlier like a videotape of of like like unerid famous
unerid pilots that you never seen or something like that just clips of it and they had like the
Pilot the original pilot for the Munsters
Oh God, oh God, which is that okay? What you don't know is that I shot two pilots for the month that night
That was that night. That was a night. That's when the old boy. It's like I got it became a bad trip
Yeah, it became a bad. Yeah. Yeah, but I guess I was like I'm fucking I could dance
I really so happy and then we watched your legs were I couldn't see him anymore. They were moving so fast
God God God made the game God made my feet. It's like I get nothing to do with this perfect perfect perfect
The game was like who are you?
I call Konami. You you have a you have a vacation awaiting you and I was like, no, I can't
So you lose and I put in this yeah, but then we got we watch
Munsters there was like is that the original Munsters so you guys don't even know the Munsters
But there was like a Herman Munster and there was a Mrs. Munster and there was other Munsters
Who knows the Munsters? Okay. Okay. There was a
Son there was a son
And he thanks kids. Thanks
He was uh
He had a widow's peak and blah blah blah
That's the recast like that's the Michael J. Fox. There was an Eric Stoltz
of
The Munsters so then they showed it and it was like and the kid's name was like happy something happy smith
Happy smith or whatever kid same cast the original idea with Eddie Munster is that he was part werewolf
Yeah, so and there's they show the Munsters
It's a Fred Gwynne and he's the every the everything's the normal Munsters and then this fucking kid comes down the stairs and goes
And he was like a werewolf boy and like we were in mushrooms and shit got dark we we
Because I don't remember putting in the tape
But I put it in tape and then we were like watching and then we just said now whatever and we started talking about
Yeah, man, you know like it's just so great that we know each other after all this time and just your comedy
Is just
So great
When you're doing psychedelic drugs like oh, yeah have a great time
But then there's that always that moment when there's one thing that oh my you're like wait if that's true
If a kid if there's a kid who thought he was going to be Eddie Munster who never got to be Eddie Munster
Just because he was ugly and terrifying which is what Munsters are supposed to be
But like like like like with them. What are we and what are we doing with our lives?
And why am I 32 and on drugs like I have
Shit to do I like like my accountant is wondering where I am tonight and he just fucking tailspin. I wanted to kill myself
It's pretty it's pretty weird like just imagine like any sitcom
Um, where everything's the same except the one thing that was like a side character comes in and it's just like a
I mean that that was the original version of Eddie Munster pretty funny, but it didn't really reply
But it was didn't land with them
But there's a there's a different party
As long as we're like the fuck this show
The there's a different party
What was the party where we're like, what were you?
It was a halloween. We're all the business
You're not gonna tell the
Why are you doing this?
And then we're like like everyone came over and we're like, ah this party is not working and there was I guess there was some
Ecstasy or something and yeah, maybe we were tripping and maybe we weren't but I think it was dressed as Tron
If they were tripping or not you were but then like one person said well, you know what?
I'm gonna go. Schrab was dressed as Tron
I was I was dressed as I was 99 cent store cowboy. I made a cowboy outfit out of all things from the 99 cent store
so I had a giant cowboy hat made of kitten calendars and
As we were all we were super high and the party ended up in your office
Which is like the smallest room in the apartment and we're on beanbags
And then someone said well, I'm gonna go and then Schrab
Had this disney land they give kids these swingy things. What are they?
They're little spinny things. I gotta stick it around and then Schrab was in his Tron costume
And and and so he's a little not in the little
turgid
Penis okay visible
Like like head-to-toe spandex Tron circuitry and these
And then you're waving these disney things and then you go why are you leaving?
Why are you leaving?
And then other people started going why are you leaving gay party gay party?
Gay party gay party why are you leaving and everyone's going gay party gay party?
Why are you leaving why are you leaving gay party? It was politically incorrect then too
But the idea was the well, there was no idea it was just a funny experience
This is how I mean and it went on forever to the point the point is kids to do more drugs
Just get together in your apartments in your homes and do them in my bedroom you guys
Like in my bedroom. I have a picture from my I think it's my 27th birthday and it's rob dan chris tolman and I
are
We had just done
ecstasy
And we were at the beauty bar
on coanga
And there's a picture of us there. I think
Heather my ex-girlfriend took
And it's us at like whatever year that would have been like like 90 something like late late nine or maybe 99 2000
And it's my favorite picture. It's it's it's really really good
How do we our pupils like
Passed our forehead. No, yeah our pupils are like saucers. Yeah, we're quite high
Yeah, all right. Drugs don't work on me anymore. Oh
Oh
Poor baby
I've done so many drugs. I can't I can't feel them anymore. You took a you took a weed breath strip and you lost your mind
All right, come on. Oh my god. That was the worst. Come on open it. Holy shit. It says this is a dug Benson show. Come on
Oh my god, it was the worst if it was we'd have way way higher numbers
Who is in pain here who has
That's a bad sign
You you're raising your hand like in silence. Do you want to come up here and share your pain?
Oh, well, well then don't then then
Well, they're just stay there then it's called being in the audience. Yeah, it's fine
No, I'm saying like is anybody like I want to be on stage right now. Well, okay
We got our friend here
Well, that's about season five. It's adorable, but so much pain. There was a guy who had a heart transplant last week
Oh, he's got a beard on voice and he's from Canada. What?
Uh, get card jacked, but it's don't think about it so much as like, what do I have to do to get up on stage?
Think about it more like
Oh my god, I'm in so much fucking pain. Like, okay, what's it?
Yeah
You're in a lot of fucking pain. All right. Is it cool if you share it?
Podcast dynamite
But maybe not for you. I you can
Yeah, we'll we'll chippy-toe through
Yo, yo, sometimes human pain could be rung like a rag into a bottle and
You can drink it and you can sell it for a subscription fee
What's your name young lady? Tara Tara. Sorry to call you young lady. I'm sure that's
It's some some view. That's gotta be that's gotta be somehow
But shut up buddy
Don't don't don't don't old man's plane
How to talk to a young lady
Tara, where are you from?
I'm from New York Long Island. Oh, yeah. Are you a la resident now? Are you visiting?
Uh, yeah, I just moved here like a month ago
Welcome
You enjoying it?
Yeah, yeah
Settling in yeah, what part of Long Island you from? I'm from
South Shore Suffolk County. Oh, yeah. Yeah, you miss it. You're family all there. Yeah, everyone's there. Yeah
I don't miss Long Island. I miss my family. What brought you out here
I'm sorry. I'm sorry
I'm not making fun of you. I just don't know what to do. I don't know why I'm here. What brought you to LA Tara
Yeah, a bunch of reasons. I kind of came for the sun actually the sun. Yeah, and but a bunch of things. Yeah job
Maybe try stand-up comedy. Oh, yeah
Yeah
So now you said that you're going through some some tough pain right now
Uh, yeah, I'm just like very severely depressed and can't really seem to get past it
Is it sort of just as a general thing because you've come out to LA you're living here?
Is it what we could predict which is you don't know what you're doing. You don't know where you're going
Yeah, I mean depressed my whole life for sure. But like putting myself alone in a new city
severe like has triggered it to a point where
Do you have friends or any kind of like connections when you came out or you came out totally alone? No, I came out totally alone
Which is a really good sign because a lot of people don't do that. I didn't do that
Schrab had to come out to LA for me to come out. I I never would have gone out
I have to commend you that is a very ballsy thing to do because like dan and I
In milwaukee said for years we got to get out of here. We got to go to los angeles
I never would have done it if it wasn't if dan would have gone if he was that i'm not going to go
I would have stayed there. So to do it by yourself is
It's really commendable. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah, it's it's it doesn't necessarily
Fortell anything which I think that's the big crucial issue. How old are you?
You seem young enough we can ask how old right 27 27
Uh, like that's how old I was when I came out. So the importance of uh, I was way younger than that
To me I was like why is he even bothering to come out 27?
Yeah, uh, but the the the when we talk about age when we think about it the big crucial issue is outcome
It's like it's like, oh, I'm gonna I need to accomplish this by this stage and all this stuff
Like like like that's the big thing and so it's again come to a big city like LA or new york
And it's like oh the reason I'm coming here is because this is the place where you plug into this main frame
And then I'm going to become this like heightened version of myself
And it's going to be at the mercy of this bartender or this agent or this like flyer or this workshop and
You know, you're fucking dizzy and like like wondering
Because yeah, I'm sure back home. You've got
Probably a tribe of people that bless their hearts. Maybe aren't totally going
Totally I get it go audition for everything
Oh, yeah, I'm not like auditioning for and don't have expectation of joining
The entertainment world, but so you're right now at 27 you're going I got out here
I'm just getting okay, so I'm exiting a
a four-year like
Relationship I was gonna say emotionally abusive relationship
So I kind of flee to a state to come to this state
To get away from that guy. Yeah. Yeah
Good for you. Good for you
He's not a bad guy. I'm not an angel either. So whatever
I kind of I had it coming
Just so you guys know
But sometimes like like negative negative things like that's that's rocket fuel
like the way with the way rockets get off the ground is by firing
Things in the opposite direction like that negative stuff is something that can get you into
You know into orbit and like to go to places you want to go so
Like that's that's what I'm very happy that you that you chose to land here on a sunday night with us
That's very cool. Well, do you have big fears about tomorrow? Like I'm sure you have like what's the what's the financial issue?
Like LA's an expensive place. What's your situation?
I do have a job. I got a job before I came here. I work as a behavioral therapist with autistic kids
Oh, yeah
well
That sounds like it pulls down a lot of years
That's that's here in LA. I guess I just have like christmas blues
I just like cried for two days. I watched uh
The fault in our stars last night. Oh god. Oh my god. Oh god. That's the best movie ever
Oh my god, it's such a good movie. It's like human drain. Oh, I've been crying for two days. The fault in our stars
Is there is there is there more than one star in the movie?
Because if I I haven't seen it yet
If I go seeing it and they're just like, oh well, there's just one star I'm I'm gonna my brain will blow up it'll blow up
It'll blow up my brain will blow up. It'll blow up
It'll blow up my brain's gonna blow
I happen to have seen that movie
I was 42 years old in a luxury hotel in venice
At christmas time with a woman. I loved very much. There was absolutely nothing
Wrong with my life and that movie fucked made me wobbly
I was like, what is a gondola? What does it matter?
So if if if if you're if you're 27 and you're like like you don't you know
Necessarily have a mortgage and a health plan and like make you watch that movie. That's the good
That's like fucking. What do they call it a neti pot?
That shit clears you out
That movie will fuck you up watch it watch it you piece of shit
You need to watch jeff davis. You need to watch the fault in our stars. I'm writing it down
It's on HBO go
It'll fuck you up. I have
Watch the fault in our stars. It'll fuck you up
But there's definitely a positive message from it
I thought the I thought the in frank set piece was a little weird
Spoilers weird spoilers
But
Yeah, yeah, yes, yeah, yeah, sorry give us a second
No, it was insane. I've actually never seen a movie that had something that insane in it that I also still at the end
It was like I was fucking weeping. It was like that's a good movie. I like I hate children now
I was like like I
I just like weeping uh
Yeah, no a good movie nice movie well written nicely shot whatever so honestly, there's a good chance that movie's your problem
Well
There's a really because I'm telling you that's some potent shit like like you made me just need three days off of that
movie you you may be fine
You may just need to watch cannonball run to
The sure thing and uh hudson hawk. What's the last movie that you watched that made you go?
Oh, what was the last movie that you watched that
I'll do tv show the last belly laugh show I watched was Nathan for you
It's the Fault in Our Stars of Comedy!
It cleans you out!
Which episode?
I just watched the season finale of the second season.
I haven't watched the third season yet.
He's on three, right?
He's awesome. We should have him on the show.
I could totally.
I got his number in my phone.
Do you remember last season where the weight loss episode?
Excuse me if I say it.
Levy, book Nathan Fielder.
We could book Nathan Fielder.
Yeah, do it.
Done.
And you know what?
Steve Levy is taking out his iPhone.
I feel a diamond.
And Lena's done him.
Steve, let's find out if Dan's full of shit and just call him right now.
Call him up.
You have his number?
Call Nathan right now.
You don't have his number?
Dan has his number.
Dan has his number?
No, but I can get.
Dan's going to Chevy Chase this shit right now.
He's going to leave him a drunk voicemail.
He's going to fucking go viral.
Okay, it's looking like I don't actually have his number.
A lot of times what I'll do is if somebody's following me on Twitter,
I'll consider that having my number.
Oh, yeah, that's his Wikipedia.
Okay.
Oh, that's Nathan Fillion.
All right.
Call Nathan Fillion.
Well, okay.
Why don't you suck my integrity?
This guy was like, you had to play Chevy Chase's voicemails.
It was him.
It was you.
We used my phone to play it.
Anyways, can we please get grounded and be sensitive to people?
It's a movie that made you go, oh.
What was the movie that turned you into a Japanese stereotype?
I saw that movie Entertainment.
It was sad, but it made me laugh too.
Maybe not belly laugh.
Let's talk about these autistic kids.
In L.A., your job is to, what do you do when you punch in the clock?
9 o'clock?
And then you go, who's autistic?
And they're like, I won't tell you.
I'm not going to look at you.
And you're like, I think you are.
And then you grab them and you're like, come on.
And they're like, no.
And you're like, perfect.
And then you're like, five o'clock?
I don't know.
I don't know why I signaled into that.
That wasn't what I was trying to do.
That's not what I was trying to do.
You correct me from the moment you punch.
11 o'clock.
Oh, nice.
Must be nice.
Because of depression, I don't get up for work.
I just won't get up for work if it's early.
So I've had to find jobs that start past 9 a.m.
This sounds like a joke, but do you tell in the interview?
No, I just find jobs that I've worked in schools.
I can't do it.
I just have found a job that you can start later on and work till 7.
So you consider yourself, you're saying you suffer from depression
like across the board the whole time, every time.
Like, are you taking medication for it?
And what medication?
And anytime you want to say, you don't have to answer anything.
But from what age were you when you were like,
I'm fucking clinically depressed.
When did you know?
I mean, I always felt like sad for sure,
but probably around going away to college really felt plummeted down.
Just being like, got shipped upstate to upstate New York school
was like completely like alone in the cold and just like shit.
Is it a daily thing or is it something that kind of comes and goes or is it day to day?
It's like day to day.
Did it start to affect you?
What was the tipping point when you went to a doctor and started treating it
as if it was a clinical thing as opposed to a thing that was wrong with you
that you were dealing with on your own?
Get leaving college.
Did you drop out?
I dropped out when I went back, but I dropped out at 18, went home
and was just completely depressed.
And then my mom, you know, I was like, we have to go to therapy.
So you dropped out because you were like, I can't handle college.
So there was a course, this is important to a lot of people that are listening.
There was a point where you were like, oh, there's something neat.
There was a point where you atoned with this thing where you were like, oh, it's medical.
I mean, and I'm sure as a smart person, you're like, well, I don't want somebody
in a lab coat telling me why my personality is different.
It's frustrating because I understand it and I know it,
but the behaviors won't change and my emotions won't change.
So I understand everything about it and it's so frustrating, it's so frustrating.
Do you think that, so taking well butchering, what does that do?
Does it kind of even you out?
Everything's not like sharp edges.
I'm not reacting to things so harshly.
It just kind of takes the edge off of things.
Is there anything that you miss?
Do you feel zombified by?
Stop taking SSRIs because they completely take away your sex drive and make you gain weight.
What's SSRI?
Like serotonin uptake inhibitors.
Selective serotonin uptake inhibitor.
That defines a different kind of medication.
Psychology major.
That defines a certain type of medication.
Yeah, that affects the serotonin.
Well butchering is like a...
It's a MAOI, which I don't even know what it stands for.
So serotonin, which is like...
Yeah, okay.
Excuse me, I have a million questions.
So that happened at what age in your life?
Like when you crossed that threshold?
18.
I'm going to deal with this.
And you've been on well beechering that whole time?
No, I've been on SSRIs up until about...
But those are terrible.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
I was on them because you just trust your doctor in forever.
And I was just like, oh cool.
So I was on them for so long.
But then didn't like the effects, kept trying to take myself off.
But then kept having like really bad episodes.
And then like finally talked to like actually a holistic psychologist, psychiatrist,
to help me find like the right medication that matched with like what I was good for my body.
So it's a like really long process because like your brain is a fucking like fireworks display.
And like there's...
When you're 12 years old, people are going to be like,
this person should have cotton balls taped to their skull.
And it's like, oh yeah, I'm sure that would help them behave.
And now I'm clearly pursuing an agenda.
But it just seems like like I have a problem with doctors and pharmacology and stuff.
But at the same time like would you say is going through this labyrinth that you've found like a pill
that it doesn't, it's not like, oh shit, I'm at the top of my game.
No, like I like, if it stays like this for like another 10 years or so, I think like,
I don't think I would try like, I don't know, like EC, like I don't know,
like I don't know the next step what you would do if you're like depressed forever.
Well, what do you think really would be?
I mean go there, that was the dark crevice that you just approached.
Like what would you say?
Like what were you about to say?
I don't want to say ECT, but.
What does that mean?
What is it?
Like electroshock therapy.
Well, I mean, but wow, really?
Oh yeah, I don't know.
I've heard that works.
Like you would, you would.
Well, like one of my favorite authors was severely depressed and he did that,
like he did that after like multiple years, but then he ended up killing himself.
So I don't know.
Who was that?
David Foster Wallace.
Yeah.
That's what I thought you were going to say.
Well, don't.
I'm not going to kill myself.
You're going to say David Foster Wallace was like, don't say that.
And then don't do that.
Tara, like what's a good day for you?
Like, do you.
I have plenty of good days for sure.
And that's just what I just did.
I'm really into yoga.
So I do a lot of yoga, get it up.
If I get to do yoga, go to work.
I started doing like stand up three weeks ago.
Really?
Yeah.
So.
Awesome.
Where?
Oh, that's fucking ballsy as hell.
I have a crazy night feeling that that is like in lieu of like all this fucking like
labyrinth.
I don't want to keep questioning these guys and their lab coats and stuff.
But like, I, I feel like when you have thoughts in your head and you say them into a microphone
and then they can laugh or they can cry or they can sit in silence.
But what they don't do is the thing that you're afraid that they might do inside your head.
Like the thing that you would project where they would go like, oh, you're a fucking animal.
I'm going to fucking take you and kill you.
Like, like, I think like, like, like just talking, just saying it.
This is very, very self-justifying of me.
But that that's, I'm not saying it will supplant any kind of therapy.
But I think that's fantastic for you.
To just like communicate and talk empty your head, everything that's in your head, no matter
how crazy it is, all those jagged edges you're talking about.
I need to like put them out there and then all these people out there like, like, oh, yeah,
totally.
I got it.
Or some of them are like, really?
Wow.
Okay.
New thing to think about.
And then like, in any case, it's like, it's gone.
Also, just to be able to like come up like tonight, not that like we're any big help,
but like to come up and say the word depression and know that's a thing and say it out loud.
Because we all know people like, you know, like, like Robin, Robin Williams on our show,
like we met him and stuff.
And like, that wasn't something that it was really talked about, you know, and he like,
he dealt with his own shit for like, for a long, long time.
And because of him and what happened to him, a lot of comics and like especially comics
that I know that deal with depression, like said, oh, fuck, like, I can, I can talk about
that.
And I need to talk about that.
And, and that's a conversation that could happen.
And it's not something that's a fake thing.
It's a real thing.
And it's a, it's pretty common thing too, especially among artists and like, like in this community.
So like that, you know, like, there was a, there was a time when no one said they had cancer.
And so people just quietly had cancer and didn't get treatment because that wasn't something
that you did.
You didn't talk about it.
So it's, it's good to like, like, like open up the like lines of communication on that.
And like, like, I mean, I can't imagine what that must be like, but it's, it's very impressive
that you can make the journey out to the city and start doing stand-up, which is terrifying.
I do improv stand-up scares me.
Like, well, sadness is never talked about.
It's like, it's people too sad.
But it's like fucking hilarious.
Yeah.
Well, yeah, hilarious.
And you're like, put like a yes to it.
I'm always harping on that.
So like the, the, the Campbell talked about that.
That it's like the first joke we hear is the game of peekaboo, which is like a kid.
It's just a kid that they need their mom to be there.
So bad that their mom not being there is tear is the equivalent of death.
And so the mom does not really realizing that she's playing on death with the kid goes like,
like, like it's, it's, it's, it's universal.
It doesn't matter.
It transcends language, culture, everything.
It's like moms with little kids.
They, they, they do this thing.
They cover their face and the baby starts to go.
And then the mom like exposes her face and the baby goes.
And the baby goes.
It's, it's the first joke.
And then like, like his comedy is fucking like, it's, it's like, it only comes from the gut
when it's like, no, I understand death, like, like despair, like the, the, the bottoms and
the tops of, of, of this entire valve that we're being pushed through.
That's, that's what it is.
And the great standups that like, like all the, all the, all my heroes as a standup,
there's an incredible, awesome, terrifying loneliness that goes on for the great standups
that get out there and are willing to stand alone on stage and expose themselves like
that.
Like that's, that's, that's a tremendous amount of courage and, and to be good at
that is to be willing to like wallow in that, like that sol, solitude.
Yeah.
Coming out to LA by yourself and subjecting yourself to that, like, who knows if you'd
ever be funny, but like God knows, like, yeah, the, the, the, you're, you're already
on the right path.
Like, like step on the gas in that direction that you would stand in front of a microphone
and go, I would experiment with like, what's the least funny thing I could say to these
people?
What's the thing I could say that would make them want to blow their brains out because
they're one step from that to a amazing punchline, which is Mitch Hedberg and like, like, like,
like, you know, it, probably a bad example.
The, the, it's not a bad example because like fucking great comics, they fucking, they,
they die young because they're, they're all over the place.
Artists are all over the place.
Um, forgive yourself for being all over the place for sure.
Like, like, like, like, like, like, like, just like a Monday, it's like, I'm the greatest
person in the world.
And Monday afternoon, it's like, I'm such a piece of shit.
I like, like, that's absolutely, that's called being creative.
I think that's the engine that drives it.
It's not a license to be like, I call the lumber yard and go, I'm not going to do lumber anymore.
Dan Harmon told me if I have mood swings, I'm an artist.
It's not necessarily true.
Like, like, like, like it's, but what it is is it's, it's absolutely part and parcel of,
of, of creating shit for sure.
I kind of, I kind of feel like we dragged you up and asked you for your bullshit and then told you
about your shit that you probably already know.
Like, let me tell you another thing, young lady.
But the big takeaway is that you're not alone.
There's, there's, there's so many.
I mean, this podcast has helped a lot.
No, these pieces are shit.
They're, they're here for everybody, honestly.
I mean, the fact that like half the crowd knew when you said SRTIS, whatever that thing was,
like a couple of people were like, boo, and a couple of people were like, yeah.
People knew what it meant.
Like, there's probably a handful or more of people that also like suffer from depression here.
Like, it's right.
Yup.
Dave Kline, you're the first.
Dave Kline's deep, deep, deep, deep depression sufferer.
We met at Rob Schrupp's birthday.
We do.
You had my birthday?
We smoked a joint in the back.
You went, you went to my birthday and sent a family?
Yeah.
You had a good time?
Mm-hmm.
That was very, very sweet of you.
But Dan was in New York.
Dan was in New York. He had an excuse.
He had an excuse, no.
No, Dan had an excuse because my birthday only happens once.
And it's not a different date every year.
It's hard to keep track.
But thank you.
Thank you so much for coming.
Did you have a good time?
Yeah, it was a great birthday party.
Thank you.
It was a fun time.
Oh, well, great.
Tara, have you made any friends since you've been out here?
Like, how long, how long have you been out again?
About a month, a little over a month.
Have you made any friends since you've been here?
Kind of?
Kind of, yeah.
I mean, that's the hardest part, for sure.
Do you have any close friends back home?
I want, like, genuine connection friends.
Of course.
But you make, like, five-minute friends here.
Actually, I know.
But you'll make lifelong friends very quickly.
Yeah.
For certain.
Just reject the first five from this crowd because you've been up here.
The first five are going to be just flush up.
Excuse me, Ms. Middle-Eady.
I just put them in the battered deck.
Thank God Ryan Ridley's not here.
Well, would you do us the honor of staying up here and playing Shadowrun with us?
Okay.
Yay.
I love it.
All right.
You missed my Ryan Ridley impression.
Kids, if you're feeling sad, talk to people.
You got to talk to someone.
You're not alone.
Don't do anything.
She's not case in point.
She's an adult and was, like, dealing with her shit.
I'm saying, as long as we're on the topic, because I have a Tumblr and I get these messages
and these kids are, like, fucking, like, tell me what to do.
And, like, they're on the precipice.
It's a fucking, like, if you're below 35 and you're thinking about, like, the extreme
version of the solution to your problems, just before you do that, experiment, since
you're about to do that, just try talking to somebody.
Just talk to somebody.
It's not, like, just give it a shot.
Do something crazy.
Like, go walk across.
Like, if I'm going to do it, I'm going to just, like, try and walk across America first.
Like, if you're going to hit the point, just do something crazy.
Like, do something crazy first, see if it changes anything in your brain.
But it will stress that one of the aggravating things when you're in that state is that people
approaching you logically and saying, the reason you shouldn't do it is because, look,
it's a wonderful life.
And it's like, fuck you.
It's not a logic thing.
It's just, like, fucking, it's a grand theft auto thing.
Like, you're about to do it.
Just fucking do one thing first, talk to somebody.
You've got to hear it.
It's rattling around in your brain.
It's not, like, just fucking, have it come out of your mouth.
Everybody feels that way.
Sometimes you may feel that way all the time.
Like, you've got to talk to somebody about it.
Like, if you're under a certain age, it's an epidemic.
What are you saying?
Are you saying over 35 steps?
No, I'm just saying, like, over 35, if you want to kill yourself, fuck you.
Well, that's a hard line.
Dan's taking a hard line.
It's a joke.
Well, Tara, thank you, like, for all of our hearts.
That's fucking awesome.
Thank you for being vulnerable to us and sharing your...
Thank you, guys.
Like, take whatever pain you've got there and, like, turn it into beautiful artwork
for the rest of us.
Don't tell us what to do.
Because that's...
I think that you...
If you look back through the history of, like, art and culture,
I think you'd probably find out a lot of people were going through something similar,
you know, and different, or maybe exactly the same.
I think a lot of what's benefited humanity is people, like, turning intense pain into...
That's what humans probably have different than most other animals is that we take our sadness
and we've created art, you know, so...
All right, hit the showers, Jeff.
I'm sorry.
That offended you.
No, it didn't offend me.
It offended everybody else.
That's not true.
They laughed.
We have showers.
I'm gonna hand this pile of things down.
I don't know what to do with them.
I have my own character.
I don't have my sunglasses, so I won't be able to read them.
Rob doesn't have his sunglasses.
What about Timorge?
Also...
Yeah, Timorge!
What the fuck is Timorge?
Timorge Brown!
Timorge!
I don't know.
Who am I?
What's my character?
You can sit on my lap if you want.
I'll take...
Can you read it for me?
Are you playing your character?
I'll play...
Do you want to play?
You usually hate to play this game.
I think that Timorge should sit.
I was...
This is racist.
I agree with Spencer.
Yeah.
I think...
Okay, well let's let you be the judge.
Is it racist if you're standing the whole show?
No.
I like you all in black, Timorge.
It's a good look for you.
The man in black is nice.
I want you to blend in with the tablecloth.
Let's get...
Let's see...
I mean, Steve Levy gets paid to just exist.
Timorge, take his seat.
Whoa!
Sorry, Steve.
What do you mean, whoa?
You know, it's acceptable losses.
Let's be honest.
Capitalism.
Levy knew what he signed up for.
Steve Levy.
Thanks, man.
He's been summarily dismissed.
He had my back on Lord of the Rings.
What can I say?
Come on, you guys.
I'm right.
I'm right about that.
You know, I've been away for a bit.
The mission up till now, you guys are off to...
Rob has become a southern bell, ghoul, and disguise.
Right?
Yeah.
Do you know what happened?
You should tell us.
That was my ghoul voice.
Well, you have the recap for us.
I mean, I don't.
That's the thing.
No one wrote one.
Okay, real quick.
This is really falling down.
Get me up to speed on what the mission is and where we're at in the mission.
All right.
You got hired.
You got hired by Peggy.
You got hired by Peggy to find her daughter, Jim, who was last seen at one of these ghoul
clinics, the kind that teaches ghouls how to not eat people.
So you were going around.
You saw David, one of Hortegaard's, no, Dr. Friend's friends.
You talked to him about meat markets.
You went back.
You called a bunch of people.
And then you decided to go to the clinic where you thought that might be some more information.
And...
Didn't there be music over this?
Justin Marshall is driving back from Wisconsin.
Oh, he drove there?
Jesus Christ.
It's bad weather.
All right.
So are we...
Are we...
We got an Uber.
I listened to the last one.
Rob became a Southern Belle ghoul in disguise and we're going up to a...
Is this a fresh to...
Fresh to flesh?
A flesh to flesh?
It's...
This one's called Press F5 to Reflesh.
Press...
Press F5 to Reflesh.
Thank you.
I'm so sorry, young lady.
I forget your name and...
Tara.
I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry, audience.
The problem, Tara.
Thank you for coming to my birthday party.
You too, DeMorge.
Oh, thank you.
Thank you, DeMorge.
Thank you for having me.
No, no, no.
No, I was just...
Made...
Just, you know, we're not all going to be here forever, you know.
It's just great that...
It's good to have friends.
Good to have friends.
It's good to have...
I want a friend.
Friends that stick by you.
I was a peer mediator in junior high, if you guys want me to...
No, you were what?
Would you please peer mediator?
A peer mediator in junior high.
Do we have a show next week?
Leavey?
Yes.
Can she come peer-mediate me and Schrab?
A lot of shit to work on.
Let's do it right now.
Why don't we...
No, we got a fucking shadow ride.
We don't have to do shit.
Yeah, we...
Come on.
Piece of shit.
Can you peer-mediate three-way?
Can you do it?
Okay.
Yeah, we need to work some shit out.
Because I've been friends with a couple of fucking shitheads for 20 years.
And it takes its toll.
Worked out for you.
Worked out for you pretty good.
Yeah.
Worked out for me.
I built myself out of dirt without permission.
Yep.
I fucking clawed my way out of this Batman hole.
The broken back came back to Gotham.
Shouldn't there be music under this?
No one ever did me any favors.
Yeah.
All right.
Fucking cool it.
Let's play a shadow ride.
Yeah.
It's always been me and me.
Wow, what's his problem, Tara?
I know.
Fucking...
Guys, fucking mad on Vulcan.
We'll mediate next week.
Tune in.
Tara's got a peer mediate.
It's going to get to the bottom of this shit.
This guy's been chiseling away.
He's coming to my birthday party.
It's fucked up.
It makes me feel bad.
Why didn't you go to the birthday party?
I don't remember.
I had to go to New York because I was doing the thing about it.
I'm offended by that.
As an Asian.
All right, so we're out front of the Press 5 to Reflesh?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Let me do all the talking.
All right.
I have also taken...
What character are you playing?
I have no fucking idea.
I've taken your makeup kit, and so I have...
Eve Libertine, I have made myself into Southern Belle as well.
You have a little mush on there.
You're a little...
Here, let me do it.
All right.
You're good.
Okay, now we all look like ghouls.
I'm going to go to the front door and see if we can get in here.
Just as a bit of descent could hold the guard,
maybe not go with the makeup kit,
and adopt the personality of his security guard ID.
Sure, yeah, definitely.
Just as an alternate.
That...
What?
It seems a bit uncomfortable that it...
I guess one of us won't be a ghoul then.
Okay, that makes sense.
All right.
I hope that I will stand ten feet behind you as if to present you, possibly.
Okay, so I guess I won't do all the talking.
You'll do all the talking.
Oh, no, you can do all the talking.
Please do.
They will recognize you as ghouls.
All right, all right.
So, like, Tara and I are going to go up,
and you pretend like you're...
You caught us.
Okay.
Yeah, okay, just cheer.
You got to eat that mic.
Okay, okay.
But I'm going to knock on the door.
Don't take that from me.
I'm with you, too.
Please let it be.
All right, you knock on the door.
Yeah, thank you.
Never in my mind have I heard such a ghoul-ish knock.
What?
Twenty...
Twenty minutes passes.
I should probably knock again.
Okay.
Using an active soft via electronics,
can I just access the opening of the door?
Oh, I mean, you don't even need electronics.
There's a handle.
Yeah.
I reach out and open the door.
All right.
You open the door.
But I'm still fanning with my right hand.
Okay.
Left hand to open the door.
Fanning with my right hand.
All right.
May I suggest a Blue Angels formation with one in the front,
two sort of a chevron?
Starburst.
Well, is it starburst or chevron?
Let's get this straight.
We starburst and the starburst, we form a chevron.
Okay.
All right.
You enter a large waiting room.
It's walls covered by huge flat panel screens,
calming scenes of nature.
You see several low waiting chairs
and a young man seated at a large circular desk
in the middle of the room.
I'll do all the talking.
He's pale and you can see from his clawed fingers
that he's clearly a ghoul.
He's got the dead eyes of a ghoul.
Are you listening?
He's a fucking ghoul.
He's dressed like a ghoul.
I'm dressed like a ghoul too.
I've got my parasol and my fan.
Hi.
As you get closer, you see his dead eyes
have been replaced with robot eyes.
Cyber eyes, rather.
I couldn't help but notice you have some cyber eyes.
Perhaps you could tell me where they keep all of the meat.
What are we after?
We're after the...
Yeah, look to meat.
We're trying to find Jim Peggy's daughter.
We're trying to find Peggy's daughter, Jim.
Maybe you could use your cybernetic eye sockets
to show us where that could be,
seeing as how we're both ghouls and all.
Yeah, no, no problem.
Let me just check the registry.
Ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket.
She's not listed here.
Is there a last name or anything?
Uh, probably. Could you check again?
Yeah, certainly.
Ticket, ticket, ticket, ticket.
Nope, there's no one by that name.
We're a pretty new operation,
so it's pretty easy to see whether or not
anyone has come through or not,
and I'm not seeing that.
Oh, do we have the last name or not?
Hill.
Hill was the last name.
Jim Hill.
Yep.
You did.
Okay, or Dan will.
I've spent the last couple of days researching your operation.
Pretty familiar with the fact that your spreadsheets
don't include everything they should.
Kind of looking for a girl that came through
and then went out, you know what I mean?
Yeah, no, like I said, we just opened up pretty recently.
Like goodness, I could have told you
anyone who's walked through these doors,
that name, definitely not here.
So here's what I'm going to tell you.
Like, this is the point where you either
betray yourself to be useless or useful.
Okay.
If you're useful, it's because you're lying.
If you're useless, it's because you're an idiot.
Alright.
I got a gun in my arm.
It's going to come out at the speed of light.
A bullet's going to go through your brain.
Alright.
Well, I'm sorry, what?
Boop.
Boom, shooting you.
Let's do a reaction.
Sorry.
It's reflect.
What are you doing?
It's what I do.
You had your chance.
You did a terrible job.
I tried once and you shot it in the brain.
You talk to people and you say garbage.
What are you doing?
I shoot people in the head.
It's my job.
It's all I do.
What is he doing?
I shoot people in the head.
Oh gosh.
The minute I'm needed
is the minute you failed.
Alright.
Well, he's dead.
Okay, quick.
He's dead.
What?
I can't hear the game master.
What happened?
Yeah, I don't care what everyone's laughing at.
It was funny probably.
Terrorists are something funny but I couldn't hear it.
Oh, sorry.
Sorry, Tara.
Tara, what?
It's fine.
It's just like a perfect Sean Connery impression.
It's like, do Sean Connery again?
Nope, nope.
Most things down here are not regular.
He falls forward.
On to the security button.
What are you doing?
I go through his computer
or I guess desk and see if I can find...
Flax on sound.
Obviously, I moved the...
Yeah, because as I just said...
The security button obviously would never let that person
fall onto a security button.
Uh...
Tell that to the security button.
Well, okay, so I moved them
but I'm just letting you know they moved them.
What?
Well, I moved them.
What does that mean, Satan?
I shot the person.
They died.
They fell onto the button.
I accept that you're allowed to create a security button.
He was pressing it.
That's why you shot him.
Obviously...
He didn't fall onto the button.
No, he fell onto the button.
I'm not crying foul, I'm just saying to you...
I moved them off of the security button.
It's been pressed.
Lord of the Guard can use his...
his detect enemy sense to see if there is some
maneuvering going on behind the scenes.
Yeah, you could definitely...
you could definitely feel seven or eight guards.
So here's what I proposed
given that I am dressed as a security guard
and that my alias would be Frank Douglas.
That perhaps you guys pretend
to be ghouls I have captured
and if they do arrive, we use this as some sort of cover.
Such a good idea.
Should I heal the guy who killed
me? I don't know if he's...
He's had a bad day.
I don't think he's healable.
Honestly, if we talk later
I'll tell you, I regret what I did.
But in the moment
I'm telling you, my objective was
to make him sick beyond healing.
I'm not bragging.
I succeeded.
He's dead.
I kill people.
As a matter of urgency
this situation can be multi-phasic
so that we could do all these things at once.
For example, you could try to heal him
at the same time provided that does not work
or the door opens sooner. He's dead.
I could be a security guard.
Honestly, I'm offended by the idea that you can heal this guy.
I do one thing for a living
and when I do it, it's done.
If you could heal him, I'm fired.
I position myself behind the desk
in case people are coming in
to overtake us.
What else is in the room?
It's just a waiting room.
There's chairs, there's a potted plant,
there's large TVs.
I hide behind the pot of the plant.
It's not that big, but okay.
I didn't say it had to be.
Okay guys, here's the thing.
We got three minutes.
Why were we here?
We got to find Peggy Hill
and get her out of here.
Jim Hill to get to bring her back to Peggy Hill.
Of course she's here.
The smoke grenade flies through the hallway
into the waiting room.
Clink, clink, clink.
I cast mana barrier over the smoke grenade
to make it not cover us.
It takes longer than that to cast a mana barrier.
Well, I fucking start.
Can I cast physical barrier?
Creates a dome or wall?
It takes the same amount of time.
Smoke spills out into the room,
starts to mist the area.
I start banning the smoke.
The barrier goes up,
starts covering the smoke.
This is doing nothing?
No, no, it's not.
I might suggest to the other ghosts
that they all also fan the smoke
and the creative sort of feelings.
I use my southern bell fan to fan the...
Everybody.
We all do it.
This isn't helping.
I summon a giant eagle
who is also dressed as a southern bell.
And the eagle...
His wings are made out of giant southern bell fans.
All right.
To waft the smoke away from us.
A lot of ghouls in this room.
The room is covered in gunfire as it cuts through the area.
The hallway...
is ablaze with guns.
You guys all, you're being hit.
Get down!
You're being hit, though.
Oh, my dick!
Oh, fuck! Oh, my dick!
Using combat since I've taken invasive action
behind the counter.
I also have my armor jacket on.
Oh, God, give me your armor jacket.
My dick's all fucked up.
Oh, shit!
Hold the jacket.
Being at his roots, Scandinavian removes the armor jacket
and place it around the pelvis.
Oh, God.
The pain goes right up the side.
Oh, fuck.
Do we see target, Spencer? Do we see the people?
No, you're being shot.
You're taking damage.
Are there gun guns around the thing?
They're just guns, gun guns.
Bullets cut into your body.
Oh, my fucking dick!
Everybody except Hortegaard in his superhuman agility
takes four wounds.
Just regular style, though.
Can Hortegaard yell out to them,
stop, stop with the firing?
Say this, I am a security guard.
I am here for you.
I have brought you more meat, more flesh,
more potential action
for the profit of this organization
and you are destroying
the prime directive of the building
for which you were.
You say those things,
and then you see a flashbang grenade
whizz into the center of the room.
As I am Scandinavian,
can I summon a sort of innate
football sense and
appropriate myself to the right?
Alright, maybe. We'll see about that.
Where's my mana barrier?
Did I ever get that?
It's covering the grenade, I thought, right?
Let me scan with my
gym nightblade skills.
You can't tell me that I, out of all these people
who knew this was going to happen,
you can't tell me I don't see some
air vent or egress
that I can't.
There's the front door.
Hortegaard nimbly
kicks the flashbang
moments before it explodes down the hallway.
You guys avoid taking an eye
full of flash. Nice job, Hortegaard.
I'm saying there's got to be an air vent
in
every story.
There's got to be an air vent.
Okay, there's an air vent.
I use my
grappling hook
Batman style.
To me, it's not about
abandoning my friends, it's about me
I'm going to save them later.
So I shoot my
grappling hook at the thing
that you're saying I saw.
And I'm going to, the objective
is to, you know, ask Batman
I'm going to go
up into the air vent.
You hit the air vent with the grappling hook
and you pull the retraction trigger
and it just, it pulls the grate
off.
As fire continues
to spread through the room, gunfire,
not fire fire.
Hortegaard also has
a grappling gun. No one gets hit by that one though.
Hortegaard has a grappling gun, perhaps I sacrifice
the gun for this purpose and shoot it into the vent.
Alright.
Then taking it and anchoring it underneath
the office desk, I provide
a rope, direct
ground, the line from the ground to the thing.
If they're willing to climb, they can climb.
Alright.
Those of you who are willing to climb can climb.
I know you're wearing dresses, I won't look up.
I'll climb.
We should climb, you go first.
You go first, you go first.
And as we're climbing, I want to just make sure
that you know that when we're climbing,
this is weaving
to make it harder for us to be shot.
Yeah.
Serpentine. Serpentine.
Climbing a rope is not a great way to avoid being shot at.
I don't know
if you heard me because sometimes my voice
doesn't carry, but if you just,
we're doing...
Do we see who's shooting us?
We're doing that and it would
be harder than
not doing that.
I look around to see who's shooting us.
Who's shooting us?
There's security guards.
They're in this hallway that those grenades were coming out of.
They're just posted up
and a phalanx just spread
and bullets.
I shoot lightning bolts
at that corridor.
Force 4.
Force 4? Jesus.
Alright.
You only...
You only hit three of them.
They get buzzed
by the things. You see them
shaking off their electricity
as they...
They're just...
I can't talk.
They're stunned for a moment.
No.
We won. We won.
No, you did not win.
Three of the four of them have taken some
electricity damage.
Three of the eight of them have taken some damage.
Three of the eight.
Is it my turn?
Sure.
I believe the...
Obviously, through the hole...
We did the bit earlier where I pulled the vent down.
Yeah.
Now I go up through the hole.
Come on, man.
Alright.
Again, climbing a rope is not the best way to...
I don't need a rope. I'm gin nightblade.
Nightblade. I use my super leap.
Do you have...
I have cybernetic... Don't look.
I'm
cybernetically augmented.
You don't have cybernetic legs, though.
Alright.
Well, obviously...
Why don't we just come down and kill these guys
in the corridor here?
You guys running through air vents.
I need a wardrobe change before I do that.
I'm still...
Tell me what I accomplished.
I'd like to get up through the vent
and I'd like to go up into it.
I'm a coward.
Alright, you take two bullets in the leg
as you climb up.
You get out, though. Taking three more wounds.
Ow! Ow!
What about us?
Have we finished climbing
up the rope? Oh, good.
You climbed without getting any further damage.
You two are the only ones who have climbed up.
So,
no bullets in the leg?
Well, you had bullets earlier.
You got hit earlier.
But not in the legs.
Can I use my healing spells to heal us?
Yeah, but you're still down on the floor level.
You haven't climbed up yet.
What? I thought we were both climbing...
Two people climbed successfully.
No, Dan and Rob.
Oh.
Yeah.
I thought we were climbing together.
Oh, do I have enough spell power?
I jumped down.
But I got a hoop skirt on it.
Get your mother-fucking-ass up there!
It is a disappointed hope
that God shakes his leg.
I catch you fuckers at a bad time.
I just start shooting my
aris predator at the end of the hallway.
I just start just blazing away
down the corridor to get the rest of the people.
All right. I mean,
yeah, you're still being fired at as you do there.
I'm firing back. No dice?
There's no dice in the mood?
I got the dice.
If you've ever played Shadowrun,
there's no dice either.
There's a lot of dice.
Don't you worry about that shit.
How dare you?
Half the fun is rolling the dice.
Feel free to roll any dice you desire.
Guys, don't fight.
Eve Libertine pops off a few shots
from her pistol,
plugging another guy in the head.
One of the guys goes down.
Dead.
Hey, guys,
give my regards to the air conditioning system.
I'm here fighting like a person.
Can't hear you engaging
in a narrative.
Hodergaard applies mystic armor
and then
draws his aris alpha sight rifle
and
likewise shoots into the crowd.
All right.
You do that.
Your mystic armor
is already around, by the way.
That's given.
You hit another guy.
This one in his arm.
Your bullet smashes through his arm
and blows it clean off.
He drops his gun.
Shit.
Let's switch to the crusader.
Let's have some fun here.
It's a machine pistol.
Let's start rapid-fire shooting
with the pistol.
Well, yeah, no. It's someone else's chair right now.
Do you have weapons?
I have a smart gun.
Yeah, use the smart gun on him.
That'll put him in.
You do that.
You also shoot someone.
That's great.
He gets shot in the head,
but he has a helmet this guy,
so it just knocks him back several feet.
He doesn't seem to be harmed.
I run up to him
and I use
astral beacon on him.
All right. You get torn apart
by a machine gun fire.
As you approach
six or seven security guards,
their bullets
rip through your body,
incorporating it into pink mist.
What?
Cliffhanger!
You died.
Because you're the bad person.
Because having a birthday makes you bad.
Not forgetting it.
Let's thank DeMorge Brown.
Let's thank Chara for coming up.
Chara.
Thank you so much, Chara.
Thank you.
Rob Schrab.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Your mayor is Dan Harmon.
Thank you, Zach.
The audio maniac in the booth.
Justin Marshall.
He's driving back from Wisconsin.
Kris Boruff, our director.
Kevin Day, our producer somewhere out in the ether.
Thank you so much.
We'll be back next week, right?
Are we? Yeah, we are.
Drive fast, take chances.
We'll see you at the drawing.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.